FSCK.PMFS(8)                                                      FSCK.PMFS(8)



NAME
       fsck.pmfs - check a pmfs file system

SYNOPSIS
       fsck.pmfs  [  -bfhnvyV ] [ -t min-time ] [ -T max-time ] -A phys-addr [
       device ]

DESCRIPTION
       fsck.pmfs is used to check the PMFS file  system.   PMFS  is  different
       from other file systems in that fsck never needs to be run; an ordinary
       mount  of  the  file  system  will  recover  from  abnormal   shutdown.
       fsck.pmfs  does  not  perform recovery operations, and it does not ever
       write to the file system; it merely checks that the  file  system  data
       structures are correct.

       device  is ignored, and may be specified as none for compatibility with
       fsck.

       Note that in general it is not useful to run  fsck.pmfs  on  a  mounted
       filesystem, as the results cannot be relied upon.

OPTIONS
       -A phys-addr
              Use  phys-addr for the physical address of the PMFS file system.
              This option is not optional.

       -t min-time
              Use min-time for sanity checking time-stamps in the file  system
              instead of January 1, 2013.  If min-time is 0, a time-stamp of 0
              is allowed, but the range of allowed  values  is  not  otherwise
              changed.  To remove any minimum, use -t 0 -t 1.

       -T max-time
              Use  max-time for sanity checking time-stamps in the file system
              instead of the current time.

       -b     Instead  of  using  the  normal  superblock,  use   the   backup
              superblock.   This  option  is  normally  used  when the primary
              superblock has been corrupted.

       -f     Force checking even if the file system seems clean.  This option
              currently has no effect, as fsck.pmfs always does a full check.

       -h     Print usage synopsis and exit.

       -n     Open  the  filesystem read-only, and assume an answer of `no' to
              all questions.  Allows fsck.pmfs to be  used  non-interactively.
              This  option  may  not  be  specified at the same time as the -y
              option.  This option currently has no effect, as fsck.pmfs  asks
              no questions.

       -v     Verbose  mode.  The -v flag can be repeated up to three times to
              increase verbosity.  If -v is specified, messages in the  output
              indicating  file  system  errors  are  tagged  with  the  string
              "ERROR:" to distinguish them from the other output.

       -V     Print version information and exit.

       -y     Assume an answer of `yes' to all questions; allows fsck.pmfs  to
              be  used non-interactively.  This option may not be specified at
              the same time as the -n option.  This option  currently  has  no
              effect, as fsck.pmfs asks no questions.

EXIT CODE
       The  exit code returned by fsck.pmfs is the sum of the following condi‐
       tions:
            0    - No errors
            4    - File system errors
            8    - Operational error
            16   - Usage or syntax error

AUTHOR
       fsck.pmfs was written by Philip Lantz <philip.lantz@intel.com>.



                                 January 2013                     FSCK.PMFS(8)
